specified order of attributes #167 (#168)
fortran-lang/stdlib: STYLE_GUIDE.md

* Where conventional and appropriate shortening of a word is used then the underscore may be omitted,
  for example `linspace` is preferred over `lin_space`

## Attributes

> * Always specify ```intent``` for dummy arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Always specify ```intent``` for dummy arguments.
```

* Don't use ```dimension``` attribute to declare arrays because it is less verbose.
  Use this:

  ```
  real, allocatable :: a(:), b(:,:)
  ```

  instead of:

  ```
  real, dimension(:), allocatable :: a
  real, dimension(:,:), allocatable :: b
  ```

>   When defining a lot of arrays of the same dimension ```dimension``` can be used as an exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When defining many arrays of the same dimension, ```dimension``` can be used as an exception if it makes the code less verbose.
```

> * If ```optional``` attribute is used to declare a dummy argument, it should follow the intent attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the ```optional``` attribute is used to declare a dummy argument, it should follow the `intent` attribute.
```
